Update 100-aws.md (#1397)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/108-cloud-providers/100-aws.md

> # AWS
> 
> Amazon Web Services has been the market leader cloud computing platform since 2011, ahead of Azure and Google Cloud. AWS offers over 200 services with data centers located all over the globe.
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Official Website' colorScheme='blue' href='https://aws.amazon.com/'>AWS Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Official Documentation' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.aws.amazon.com/'>AWS Documentation</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Sign Up' colorScheme='blue' href='https://portal.aws.amazon.com/billing/signup'>Sign up for AWS/BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Ramp Up Guides' colorScheme='blue' href='https://d1.awsstatic.com/training-and-certification/ramp-up_guides/Ramp-Up_Guide_CloudPractitioner.pdf'>AWS Ramp Up Guide</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Essentials' colorScheme='blue' href='https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/external/view/elearning/134/aws-cloud-practitioner-essentials'>Cloud Practictioner Essentials</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AWS

Amazon Web Services has been the market leading cloud computing platform since 2011, ahead of Azure and Google Cloud. AWS offers over 200 services with data centers located all over the globe.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Official Website' colorScheme='blue' href='https://aws.amazon.com/'>AWS Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Official Documentation' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.aws.amazon.com/'>AWS Documentation</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Sign Up' colorScheme='blue' href='https://portal.aws.amazon.com/billing/signup'>Sign up for AWS/BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Ramp Up Guides' colorScheme='blue' href='https://d1.awsstatic.com/training-and-certification/ramp-up_guides/Ramp-Up_Guide_CloudPractitioner.pdf'>AWS Ramp Up Guide</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Essentials' colorScheme='blue' href='https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/external/view/elearning/134/aws-cloud-practitioner-essentials'>Cloud Practictioner Essentials</BadgeLink>
```
